These two mother emperors are all filled with rice.
It’s a pity that the harvest happens only once every six months,
It cost less than two thousand yuan. What God can receive is of no use.
What? What? You have nothing?
I used to listen to the method of harvesting and planting, which is to do whatever you want.
It can greatly shorten the growth cycle of plants.
If it is feasible, we will harvest much faster than others.
Didn't you say that these two female emperors collect them once every six months?
It can't make two thousand yuan, right? That's right.
Because when you reap, others also reap.
It's strange that Cheng Shan can sell the rice at a high price on the market.
But if you sell it to the police,
Then you have this life
I'll try it
But don't let anyone know about this